Before publishing your FOM, you must upload spatial data.
Start by locating your FOM using the Search FOM tool.
Once open, click the Edit FOM Spatial
Submission button at the bottom of the window
to open the spatial submission box.
Choose the spatial object type from the drop-down list.
The options are Cut Block, Road
Section, or Wildlife/Tree Retention Area.
Drag and drop the spatial file into the
upload area or use the browse option.
To upload the file, click upload.
Once uploaded, you can return
to the “Edit spatial submission” box
and click the garbage icon to delete spatial data files
Please note these two important things:
First, all uploads must be in GeoJSON file format.
2. You can only upload one file per object type.
For instance, if you wish to submit multiple cut blocks,
they must all be in the same spatial submission file.